Add(doc): custom operator image (#875)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/custom-operator-image.md

> # Customer Operator container image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Customer Operator container images
```

Reviewer: Just double checking - do you mean "Customer Operator container images" here or "Custom Operator container images"?

> # Customer Operator container images

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Custom Operator container images
```

> When adding a customer secret backend implementation or adding a CA certificate, for example, you may need to build a customer Operator image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When adding a custom secret backend implementation or adding a CA certificate, for example, you may need to build a custom Operator image.
```

> In some case, building a customer Operator image is needed, for example: to add a customer secret backend implementation, or to add CA certificat.

Reviewer: Can you provide some more context about what a custom operator image is and explain how it's used in Datadog? This sentence jumps right into "In some cases..." but it's not clear what a user might be doing at the time they'll need to build a customer operator image.

> In some case, building a customer Operator image is needed, for example: to add a customer secret backend implementation, or to add CA certificat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding a customer secret backend implementation or adding a CA certificate, for example, you may need to build a customer Operator image.
```

> ## Add a CA certificat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add a Certificate Authority (CA) certificate
```

Below is an example of a Dockerfile that's allowed to copy a local CA certificate into a container image based on the Datadog Operator image.

```dockerfile
FROM gcr.io/datadoghq/operator:latest

COPY my-ca-certificat.crt /usr/share/pki/ca-trust-source/anchors/

## update-ca-trust needs to run as root
USER root
RUN update-ca-trust

> ## Run trust list to check that the certificat was properly added

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Run trust list to check that the certificate was properly added
```
